[docs] remove typo and improve readability (#2372)
azkaban/azkaban: docs/getStarted.rst

3. Start the solo server:
::
  cd azkaban-solo-server/build/install/azkaban-solo-server; bin/start-solo.sh

> Azkaban solo server should be all set, by listening to ``8081`` port at default to accept incoming network request. So, open a web browser and check out ``http://localhost:8081/`` . The default login user and password is ``azkaban`` which configured in ``conf/azkaban-users.xml``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Azkaban solo server should be all set, by listening to ``8081`` port at default to accept incoming network request. So, open a web browser and check out ``http://localhost:8081/`` . The default login username and password for the solo server are both ``azkaban`` which is configured in ``conf/azkaban-users.xml`` in the ``resources`` folder of the solo server.
```
